# Fetch Alerts : Personalized Weather Suggestions App

## Project Overview

The Personalized Weather Suggestions App is a Streamlit-based application that provides personalized weather-related suggestions based on the user's preferred location, current temperature, and weather conditions. It utilizes the OpenWeather API for weather data and OpenAI's GPT-3 for generating personalized suggestions. It's a friend for humans, pre-inform them about weather & temperature conditions, give personalized recommendations so that they can live freely as they already got notified!

## How to Run the Project

Follow these instructions to run the project:

1. **Installation**: Make sure you have Python installed on your system. You can install the required packages by running the following command:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt

2. **Setup .Env**: Create a new file named ".env". Replace the API keys. <br>
  Set your OpenWeather API key and OpenAI API key in the respective variables within the code.

3. **Running the App**: Execute the Streamlit app by running the following command:
   ```bash
   Python main.py

4. **Running the App**: Execute the Streamlit app by running the following command:
   ```bash
   streamlit run app.py

## Special Considerations

• Configuration: Ensure that you have configured your OpenWeather API key and OpenAI API key correctly in the code.

• Email Alerts: If you plan to use email alerts, make sure you have configured the from_email and other necessary email settings appropriately.

• Personalized Suggestions: The suggestions generated by the app are based on the user's inputs, including location, temperature thresholds, and current weather conditions. While these suggestions can be helpful, they are generated by an AI model and should be used as general guidance.
